First of all I will add a brief description of the main character and bosses that will be found in the game.

Gerald: Our main character inspired in Gerald Of Rivia from The Witcher. He will be an expert soldier with the only task of saving the human race.
Comanded by his mentor Adolf he will travel to several worlds to accomplish his task. However, he will end up finding the dark truth lying beyond his mission.

Adolf: A misterious character that travels alongside Gerald, he will always be in the same spot and will be the one who activates the main quests in the game.
When the game ends, the truth about this character will be revealed and Gerald will have to choose to kill him or not.

Ciri: A girl that Gerald will find in the first mission, she will have some interesting dialogs and will help to conduct the player during the game, providing with tips and clues about certain enemies.

Harold: An old space traveller that Gerald will find once he is about to complete the game, he will be the one who gives Gerald some background in order to understand the situation that led him to his adventure and also will explain something related to Adolf and the Third World War.

### BOSSES

Kazaros: A strong ugly first boss, not very important to the plot, pure meme.

The Watcher: An interstelar scientist who observs and investigates all races, once he is defeteated Gerald will be able to read his notes that will provide some lore about 3WW.

The Hydra Anne: A powerful end game boss that may remind you about one of our most verbaly gifted teachers, she will be one of the final bosses and will provide you with some special items.

The Algebrist: Once upon a time, one of the most famous mathematicians in the world, he only commited one mistakes in his ecuations, but it was fatal. He scaped the Earth at the same time as Gerald and he has become crazy due to his terrible past, his mistake is related to the explosion of the nuclear bomb that ended up the Earth as we know.

ALL THIS IS VULNERABLE TO SUFFER SOME CHANGES DURING THE FINAL STAGES OF THE GAME

This is the argument generally speaking, Gerald will have to make the new planet livable and led by Adolf will accomplish some quests and construct some buildings, in the process we will travel to other planets to do so and then he will find out the terrible story about the end of his old planet, the final of the game will lead to the exposure of Adolf's betrayal and then the player will be able to have some decision making in order to decide whether to forgive Adolf or not. 
